 = Duty Lieutenant
 = Mercenary Sql
 = Monolith Hegumen
 = Trader
 = Freedom
 = Freedom Lieutenant
 = Freedom Lieutenant
 = Freedom Lieutenant
 = Duty Lieutenant
 = Duty Lieutenant
 = Freedom Lieutenant
 = Old Stalker
 = Duty Lieutenant
 = Trader
 = Mercenary Sql
 = Monolith Hegumen
szymon79 = Bandit Barman
mintmango = Duty Soldier
mintmango = Military Officer
mintmango = Military Soldier
mintmango = Old Stalker
b3anz = Monolith
b3anz = Old Stalker
malgover = Monolith
malgover = Monolith Sniper
malgover = Monolith Preacher
malgover = Clear Sky Soldier
malgover = Military Soldier
malgover = Military Captain
malgover = Military Spetsnaz
malgover = Mercenary 
malgover = Mercenary Veteran
malgover = Trader
malgover = Renegade
merrgear = Monolith
merrgear = Monolith Sniper
merrgear = Old Stalker
merrgear = Bandit Barman
merrgear = Military Soldier
merrgear = Military Captain
merrgear = Military Spetsnaz
basipek = Monolith
basipek = Military Soldier
mazenalmoraud = Monolith
mazenalmoraud = Bandit Veteran